# Emoji-Story-Cubes
The Story Cubes game, but emojis using for dice-faces instead.
Inspired by [story cubes](https://www.storycubes.com/en/games/rorys-story-cubes-classic/)

[Home Page](https://a13ks3y.github.io/emoji-story-cubes/)
### AI generation feature
Just an API call to ChatGPT or similar service.
### ПЫЩЬ feature
Do not show story text until big button pressed (nothing else is not allowed while big button is shown).  
### Share feature
To make share feature working,
there is two possible solutions:
1. Generate an image with emojis,
   and share it like a picture, with a story as
   description, and emojis in the title.
2. Generate a URL, with some-way-encoded-hash,
   which would be used by web-app to render a story.
   (It could be a completely separate html page,
   or it could be current application built for
   the browser platform)
### Todo:
* Use React/ReactNative (?)
* Switch to capacitor (?)
* ~~Fix some emojis not visible on Android (!)~~
* ~~Fix share button isn't touchable (!!!)~~
* ~~Use cordova-social-share plugin properly~~
* ~~Share feature. Choose implementation (implement both?)~~
* Test and handle the case when no story was generated by API (no money or no internet access for example)
* Refactor duplicated code!
# RELEASE NOTES

Version: 1.1.0
Date: 2023-05-12
Author: Oleksii Smirnov

### New Features
- Refresh button to update the content
- Share feature to share the generated story
- Link to Google Play Market for downloading the app

### Improvements
- Improved responsive design
- Refactored CSS and replaced logo for UI improvements
- Consistent sharing

### Bug Fixes
- Double request issue
- Scroll to the spinner before requesting to make it visible
- Share and copy text issue
- Issue with some emojis not visible

### Other Changes
- Used the Share plugin and added a fallback option
- Replaced the display name
- Updated text for copy and share
- Updated .gitignore file

### Known Issues
- Issue with some emojis not visible (not tested!)
- At least one of emojis is not display it's next to a squirrel (if I remember it correct).
